# Saumya Lohia

## w/c 22 June 2026

### Rose-bud-thorn

#### 🌹
* I got to meet a lot of new people at NWDSE and learn more about the "behind the scenes" of how much goes into education. The talks were interesting and as a bonus, it was nice to get free lunch!

#### 🌱
* Working on the events template and the CRM has been exciting, because I'm seeing the vision of how improving documentation can help us. In addition, I finally got started on the JHE project with UCSF, and I'm excited to see what I can contribute, as well as adding to my own personal skillset.

#### 🌵   
* Nothing really! It's been a good week!

### 🤝 Reciprocal support

#### Who did I help?
* Helping DSUS at the workshop was a fun experience, and different than day to day/working at a desk.

#### Who helped me?
* MS and I worked on the event template repository together, and it was helpful to have someone to bounce ideas off of.

### Activities / tasks

#### What did I do?

* Helping out at NWDSE (15 hours total)
* Attending JHE meetings (2.5 hours)
* JHE background research (including watching tutorials) (5.5 hours)
* Working on CRM - thinking through flows, writing up documentation, moving things into the Jupyter Hub (6.5 hours)
* [#191](https://github.com/BIDS/interns/issues/191) Creating test files for CRM (2 hours)
* Event planning template meetings (2 hours)
* [#192](https://github.com/BIDS/interns/issues/192) Creating templates for event planning (3 hours)
* Book club for Unreasonable Hospitality! (1 hour)
* Figuring out work-study appointment information (1 hour)

#### What will I do next week?

* Reviewing events template files with team on Monday, and making edits as needed
* Populating Lightcone event repository templates with actual event information
* Develop test scripts for CRM from example files
* Meeting with LL at UC OSPO to discuss MyST and publishing a report on UC Open

* My available hours next week are:
  * 8 hours each day (Friday off)
 
---

## w/c 8 June 2026

### Rose-bud-thorn

#### 🌹
* Went to a Giants game and watched the NBA Finals and World Cup - big week for sports!

#### 🌱
* Getting into the swing of summer at BIDS and I'm glad that I have more time than over the semester to help on larger projects, like AIxD.

#### 🌵   
* Tasks such as editing blog posts always take longer than I expect.


### 🤝 Reciprocal support

#### Who did I help?
* Continued reviewing HZ's blog post for Broadwell's talk from Cultural Analytics week.
* Helped KW with drafting email templates for Salon and AIxD.

#### Who helped me?
* MS and LW reviewing the Cultural Analytics blog post for Tilton, and LW sending to Tilton for final review.
* KW reviewing the application forms for Salon and AIxD.
* JK for helping me with the confusion about my work appointments!

### Activities / tasks

#### What did I do?

* [#126](https://github.com/BIDS/interns/issues/126) Tilton Cultural Analytics blog post (3 hours)
* Updating BIDS website for Cultural Analytics and new initiatives (2 hours)
* Met with KW and others about summer demos (2.5 hours)
* Met with LK and BB at UCSF about potential summer project (1 hour)
* Familiarizing myself with the Turing Way and MyST to think of potential contributions (2 hours)
* Studying up on how to use GitHub (1 hour)
* Navigating work appointment confusion (0.5 hours)
* [#161](https://github.com/BIDS/interns/issues/161) Cleaning out old BIDS stuff in SDH and testing old tech to prep for Gateway move (5 hours)
* Coworking with KW on email templates (1.5 hours)
* [#179](https://github.com/BIDS/interns/issues/179) Started an onboarding guide (1 hour)
* [#178](https://github.com/BIDS/interns/issues/178) Collected links for Cultural Analytics recap (0.5 hours)
* Set up old Macs (3 hours)
* Discussed social media, potential integration of email lists with CRM, and other questions with LH (1 hour total)
* AIxD and Salon GitHub projects in GitHub (1.5 hours)
* [#183](https://github.com/BIDS/interns/issues/183), [#184](https://github.com/BIDS/interns/issues/184) Draft website pages for AIxD and Salon (0.5 hours)

#### What will I do next week?

* Meeting with KW, LH, and interns to kick off CRM project
* Create issues and add deadlines for both AIxD and Salon projects in GitHub
* Work with LH to review and publish AIxD and Salon pages on website
* Meeting with LL at UC OSPO to discuss MyST and publishing a report on UC Open

* My available hours next week are:
  * 8 hours each day
